public instruction for the philippine islands new york Â 
reprints of the old philippine histories have , however 
from objects in the philippine museum by mr . 
barrows . manila , philippine islands , march 1 
of maps . page philippine islands 6 , 7 
. the subject of philippine history is much broader 
written , to the philippine people themselves ; and 
the history of the philippine islands may resemble the 
early work on the philippine islands . as we 
used work upon the philippine islands . there are 
s visit to the philippine islands , 1 8 
series of sources of philippine history has also been 
numerous unstudied documents of philippine history in the archives 
holds and protects the philippine islands , and which 
the globe to the philippine islands and there resumed 
still retain . the philippine islands . - - 
biscaino , on the philippine trade . biscaino grieves 
the letter on the philippine trade , already quoted 
the track of the philippine galleon lay from luzon 
responsible head of the philippine government was an abuse 
to prevent chinese and philippine goods from entering south 
the earlier period of philippine history . provincial governments 
the capture of the philippine islands by the british 
to this time the philippine revenues had been so 
were swept away . philippine products were exempted from 
ships of the royal philippine company , and this 
the fame of certain philippine productions . chief among 
slightest reference to the philippine islands , had brought 
immediately headed anew the philippine insurrection . capture of 
which had directed the philippine government and army , 
so swift that the philippine government and staff narrowly 
the revolution . the philippine civil commission . - 
labors of the civil philippine commission . these gentlemen 
the president of the philippine commission , taking office 
1 st , the philippine commission was increased by 
of negros . the philippine commission has achieved a 
greater results than the philippine commission during the first 
the governor of the philippine archipelago under the rules 
a member of the philippine commission . these departments 
of mining ; the philippine weather bureau ; a 
statistics ; and the philippine museum . revenues and 
bernard moses of the philippine commission . instruction in 
the government of the philippine islands will be like 
the integrity of the philippine archipelago . the power 
are found in the philippine languages , is that 
moses , united states philippine commissioner and the first 
- foreman : the philippine islands , p . 
a visit to the philippine islands , p . 
. 