The Project Gutenberg EBook of 1000 Mythological Characters Briefly
Described, by Edward S. Ellis

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org


Title: 1000 Mythological Characters Briefly Described
       Adapted to Private Schools, High Schools and Academies

Author: Edward S. Ellis

Release Date: April 7, 2013 [EBook #42474]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 1000 MYTHOLOGICAL CHARACTERS ***

Text mining, also known as text data mining, is the process of transforming unstructured text into a structured format to identify meaningful patterns and new insights. By applying advanced analytical techniques, such as Naïve Bayes, Support Vector Machines (SVM), and other deep learning algorithms, companies are able to explore and discover hidden relationships within their unstructured data.

Text is a one of the most common data types within databases. Depending on the database, this data can be organized as:

Structured data: This data is standardized into a tabular format with numerous rows and columns, making it easier to store and process for analysis and machine learning algorithms. Structured data can include inputs such as names, addresses, and phone numbers.
Unstructured data: This data does not have a predefined data format. It can include text from sources, like social media or product reviews, or rich media formats like, video and audio files.
Semi-structured data: As the name suggests, this data is a blend between structured and unstructured data formats. While it has some organization, it doesn’t have enough structure to meet the requirements of a relational database. Examples of semi-structured data include XML, JSON and HTML files.
Since 80% of data in the world resides in an unstructured format, text mining is an extremely valuable practice within organizations. Text mining tools and natural language processing (NLP) techniques, like information extraction (PDF, 127.9 KB) (link reside outside of IBM), allow us to transform unstructured documents into a structured format to enable analysis and the generation of high-quality insights. This, in turn, improves the decision-making of organizations, leading to better business outcomes.
